README.md, before:

# Pulling-Polling [2018 DGU Capstone Design]

An hybrid application for helping conduct online vote and survey.

## Developers

#### Team Leader
- 함의진

#### Team Member
- 정재엽
- 원양

## Contact

- Facebook : [PullingPolling on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pullingpolling)
- Google+ : [PullingPolling on Google+](https://plus.google.com/u/2/100278896118356850382?hl=ko)
- Twitter : [PullingPolling on Twitter](https://twitter.com/pullingpolling1)

### Prerequisites

None

### Functions

- 추후 추가 예정

## Licenses

- 추후 추가 예정

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [GitHub](https://github.com) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [GitHub](https://github.com/CSID-DGU/2018-2-CECD-Sophist-1-4). 

See also the list of [Projects](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) which are developed as capstone design 2018.

## License

- 추후 추가 예정

## Acknowledgments

* None

Commit message:

Modifying function added and Exceptions handled

README.md, after:

# Pulling-Polling [2018 DGU Capstone Design]

An hybrid application for helping conduct online voting and survey.

## Developers

#### Team Leader
- 함의진

#### Team Member
- 정재엽
- 원양

## Contact

- Facebook : [PullingPolling on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pullingpolling)
- Google+ : [PullingPolling on Google+](https://plus.google.com/u/2/100278896118356850382?hl=ko)
- Twitter : [PullingPolling on Twitter](https://twitter.com/pullingpolling1)

### Prerequisites

PHP and its server with Geth

### Functions

- Voting and Survey function with Geth Based history Management System

## Licenses

- MIT

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [GitHub](https://github.com) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [GitHub](https://github.com/CSID-DGU/2018-2-CECD-Sophist-1-4). 

See also the list of [Projects](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) which are developed as capstone design 2018.

## Acknowledgments

* This Project is being modified with feedback through CSID Manager
